Biomarkers are substances developed to be indicative of pathogens, infections and viruses. Sometimes, they can be inefficient and expensive to make, as was the case with testing for SARS-CoV-1, SARS-CoV-2, and MERS-CoV variants of COVID-19 in 2020. The purpose of this experiment was to develop a novel system to instantly diagnose airborne diseases non-invasively. Medical imaging was used to gather images of COVID-19. Vanilla, sparse, and dense nodes were permuted with computer vision algorithms into three computational amalgamates. In this experiment, the accuracy was the dependent variable. It was hypothesized the dense amalgamate would yield the most favorable performance when diagnosing COVID-19. Using Python3 computer code, the three amalgamates were trained on medical imaging of COVID-19 cases and healthy cases. A simulation using autoencoding functions and a 2x2 confusion matrix was used to calculate the accuracies. According to t-tests calculated at 0.01 significance under 48 degrees of freedom, the research hypothesis was supported. A hybrid diagnosis model invented here had by far the best results. It differentiated healthy and COVID-19 cases at 99.36% accuracy. It is an artificial intelligence platform incorporating the dense amalgamate, convolutional neural-networks, isolation forests, and support vector machines in an instance of semi-supervised machine-learning. The model was extended to some of the most prominent airborne diseases. The dataset of images was 24,818 CT scans and x-rays. It identified Coronavirus, Tuberculosis, Pneumonia, and Carcinoma from 96%-99% accuracy.
